# Reflection

#### Arva Presswala

My genius hour project is a cooking blog called "Food Academy". While working on this project I got to experience a lot of new things which I never thought I would be able to do. I have always enjoyed cooking, but it would have always stayed a hobby if I hadn't gotten this oppurtunity to showcase something I enjoy doing. Through this project I got to learn the whole process of how blogging works and the amount of effort that goes into blogging. I had to learn how to set up plates so they look professional and make sure my photos didn't look shabby. I still have a lot to learn, like how to manage my blog efficiently and become more consistant with my posts. I started this blog thinking I would make it for new cooks and students who are trying to live on their own, but it didn't work out as most of the things I make are dishes my family enjoys or something I am experimenting with. However, it's not easy for me to put myself in their shoes and post recipes that are very easy to follow. In addition, because I am managing school and the blog at the same time is really difficult for me to think of new ideas and recipes. Consistently blogging is one of many problems I faced during this project, another hurdle I had to cross was publicizing my blog. I didn't know much about Wordpress when I started and found out about a lot of disadvantages that come with using it (i.e. limited themes, comments, sharing). If I had the oppurtunity to start over I would make my blog on tumblr  because it would make it easier for me to publicize and everyone would have access to it more easily. Another thing I would do is manage my time more efficiently and divide the work evenly over the months, because I felt like I was overloaded with work when I got closer to making my blog public. 